ieee - the world's largest professional association for the advancement of technology

ieee - the world's largest professional association for the advancement of technology about ieee   membership & services societies & communities publications & standards conferences & events education & careers   contact & support | sitemap   search ieee search follow: share: ieee cloud computing from conferences, continuing education, publications, and standards, ieee cloud computing is on the rise around the world.   learn more at the web portal register for ieee ic2e 2013 conference get involved in the ieee cloud computing community search the latest research in ieee xplore ieee open and authorship ieee open access publications provide authors with widespread accessibility for their scholarly works.   view ieee open access journal options read about the new ieee access journal learn all about ieee authorship join ieee for half price join now and gain access to networking opportunities, career development tools, and other exclusive benefits.   join ieee today log in to your personal web portal view ieee member discounts epics in ieee engineering projects in community service (epics) in ieee partners students with non-profits to impact communities around the world through technological innovations.   visit the epics web site see slideshow of projects faqs about epics ieee wireless goes to china the ieee wireless communications and networking conference (wcnc) will be held 7–10 april 2013 in shanghai, china.   learn about ieee wcnc 2013 see the program and activities visit ieee communications society web site upcoming events 2013 ieee power & energy society general meeting 21 july - 25 july 2013 | vancouver, bc, canada learn more about this conference   technologies ieee projects ieee societies ieee portals ieee conference exchange (icx) ieee conference organizers now submit conference applications through icx.   find an ieee technology project ieee information theory society (its) focuses on the design, implementation, and application of solid-state integrated circuits...   learn more about the 38 ieee societies view ieee societies video ieee technology navigator (technav) identifies technical activities, organizations, and products associated with a particular search term or tag. you may filter your query by an ieee technical society or organization.     ieee offerings products member discounts: travel     ieee spectrum online tablet telephone adds captions to calls     what's happening at ieee just published ieee/osa journal of lightwave technology     ieee news       welcome members ieee members can visit myieee for member benefits and resources. visit myieee (sign in required) learn more about myieee join/renew ieee or a society as a member of ieee, you'll receive access to select content, product discounts, and more. review all member benefits join   renew     resources for... authors and speakers conference organizers educators employers and jobseekers librarians and institutions media and journalists students volunteers ieee advertisements   home  |  sitemap  |  contact & support  |  accessibility  |  nondiscrimination policy  |  privacy & opting out of cookies  |  feedback © copyright 2013 ieee – all rights reserved. use of this web site signifies your agreement to the ieee terms and conditions. a not-for-profit organization, ieee is the world's largest professional association for the advancement of technology.  